added contributing guidelines (#79)
KendallDoesCoding/quiz: CONTRIBUTING.md

3. Create a new Pull Request.

### How to Start the Project

1. After forking, clone the repo onto your local machine (git clone repo-name).
2. `index.html` is the starting point of the website.
3. The music, css, js and images are in their respective folders.

### Pull Requests (PRs)

- Clearly describe your changes in the PR description.
- Ensure the PR addresses an open issue (if applicable).
- Maintain a clean commit history.
  
### Code Style

- Follow the existing code style and conventions.
- Document your code and changes wherever necessary.

### Issue Reporting

- Report a bug by opening a new [issue](https://github.com/KendallDoesCoding/quiz/issues/new/choose).
- When reporting bugs, provide detailed steps to reproduce.
- Include relevant information such as OS, browser, or environment.

## Community Guidelines

Be respectful and considerate towards others' contributions.
Accept constructive criticism and feedback gracefully.
Help fellow contributors and maintain a positive environment.

## Licensing

By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under the project's [LICENSE](https://github.com/KendallDoesCoding/quiz/blob/main/LICENSE).

## Contact

> If you have any questions or need further assistance, feel free to contact us at <kendall@kendalldoescoding.tech>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions or need further assistance, feel free to contact us at <kendalldoescoding@gmail.com>.
```

for now, the domain expired, will get it back soon, so put this email.

Author: ok i'll make the required changes.
